 a method and non-transitory computer-readable medium capture an image of bulk_grain and apply a feature extractor to the image to determine a feature of the bulk_grain in the image. for each of a plurality of different sampling_locations in the image, based upon the feature of the bulk_grain at the sampling location, a determination is made regarding a classification_score for the presence of a classification of material at the sampling location. a quality of the bulk_grain of the image is determined based upon an aggregation of the classification_scores for the presence of the classification of material at the sampling_locations.   present invention is an adjustable transfer_device for unloading processed crop onto a container of a transport vehicle including a control arrangement with an electronic_control_unit, among other integrated components. electronic_control_unit calculates position of expected point of incidence of crop_flow on the container within field of view of optical image capture device, displays image of container together with symbol representing calculated expected point of incidence of crop_flow on container on display, receives adjustment inputs from user_interface for adjusting position of actuator and thus of adjustable transfer_device, updates position of symbol in image on display, receives confirmation input from user_interface once symbol in image on display is in appropriate position, derives at least one feature in image representing container, and tracks container within output_signal of image_processing_system based on retrieved image_feature and controls actuator accordingly to fill container with crop.   techniques and circuits are disclosed for obtaining a physical_unclonable_function (puf) circuit that is configured to provide, during a first operational mode, an output_signal that is dependent on an electric_characteristic of the puf circuit. techniques and circuits described herein can cause the puf circuit to enter a second operational mode by applying a stress signal to the puf circuit that changes a value of the electric_characteristic relative to another value of the electric_characteristic during the first operational mode of the puf circuit; and adjusting, based on changing the absolute value of the first electric_characteristic, a bias_magnitude of the output_signal relative to another bias_magnitude of the output_signal during the first operational mode of the puf circuit.   a highly_articulated_robotic_probe (harp) is comprised of a first mechanism and a second mechanism, one or both of which can be steered in desired directions. each mechanism can alternate between being rigid and limp. in limp_mode the mechanism is highly flexible. when one mechanism is limp, the other is rigid. the limp mechanism is then pushed or pulled along the rigid mechanism. the limp mechanism is made rigid, thereby assuming the shape of the rigid mechanism. the rigid mechanism is made limp and the process repeats. these innovations allow the device to drive anywhere in three dimensions. the device can "remember" its previous configurations, and can go anywhere in a body or other structure (e.g. jet_engine). when used in medical applications, once the device arrives at a desired location, the inner core mechanism can be removed and another functional device such as a scalpel, clamp or other tool slid through the rigid sleeve to perform. because of the rules governing abstracts, this abstract should not be used to construe the claims.   in one aspect, a method includes providing support_material within which the structure is fabricated, depositing, into the support_material, structure_material to form the fabricated structure, and removing the support_material to release the fabricated structure from the support_material. the provided support_material is stationary at an applied stress level below a threshold stress level and flows at an applied stress level at or above the threshold stress level during fabrication of the structure. the provided support_material is configured to mechanically support at least a portion of the structure and to prevent deformation of the structure during the fabrication of the structure. the deposited structure_material is suspended in the support_material at a location where the structure_material is deposited. the structure_material comprises a fluid that transitions to a solid or semi-solid state after deposition of the structure_material.   an articulate probe device includes a first mechanism, a second mechanism, and an overtube_mechanism. the first mechanism includes a proximal_link which is movable coupled to a first intermediate_link, a plurality of intermediate_links, and a distal link which is moveably coupled to a second one of the intermediate_links. the second mechanism includes a proximal_link which is movable coupled to a first intermediate_link, a plurality of intermediate_links, and a distal link which is moveably coupled to a second one of the intermediate_links. the overtube_mechanism includes a proximal_link which is movable coupled to a first intermediate_link, a plurality of intermediate_links, and a proximal_link which is moveably coupled to a second one of the intermediate_links. further, at least one of the first mechanism, second mechanism, and overtube_mechanism is steerable and extendable beyond the other mechanisms.   the disclosure describes an audio-based emotion_recognition_system that is able to classify emotions in real-time. the emotion_recognition_system, according to some embodiments, adjusts the behavior of intelligent_systems, such as a virtual_coach, depending on the user's emotion, thereby providing an improved user_experience. embodiments of the emotion_recognition_system and method use short utterances as real-time speech from the user and use prosodic and phonetic features, such as fundamental frequency, amplitude, and mel-frequency cepstral coefficients, as the main set of features by which the human_speech is characterized. in addition, certain embodiments of the present invention use one-against-all or two-stage classification_systems to determine different emotions. a minimum-error feature removal mechanism is further provided in alternate embodiments to reduce bandwidth and increase accuracy of the emotion_recognition_system.   this invention provides an apparatus and method for culturing_cells to probe the influence that the properties of a surface onto which the cells are bonded has on the properties of the cell.   a method of forming a microneedle array can include forming a microneedle array having one or more chemotherapeutic agents. the microneedle array can include a base portion and plurality of microneedles extending from the base portion, and the one or more chemotherapeutic agents can be present in a higher concentration in the plurality of microneedles than in the base portion.   methods, systems and apparatuses of ultra-miniature, ultra-compliant probe_arrays that allows for design flexibility to match the stiffness of the tissue it is being applied to, such as the brain_tissue, in all three axes (x, y and z), with interconnect cross section smaller than cell_dimensions. stiffness matching requires specific geometric and fabrication approaches, commonly leading to ultra-thin probe wires. sizing of the electrodes for specific cell_dimensions reduces glial formation. further reduction in stiffness is obtained by incorporating different geometric_features to the electrode, such as meandering the electrode wires. the small thickness and geometric_features of the wires commonly result in very high compliance. to enable effective insertion of the probes to the tissue, the present invention uses stiff biodisolvable and/or biodegradable polymers, including single use or combinations of carboxymethyl cellulose, polyvinylpyrrolidone, polyvinyl alcohol, maltose, other sugar molecules, polylactic_acid and its co-polymers.   a method includes receiving a data bit value at a buffer in a bitcell based on a first state of a write bitline connected to the buffer, and transferring the data bit value from the buffer to a first magnetic switching_cell in the bitcell for a later read operation at least by holding the write bitline to a reference value different from the first state, and asserting first and second predetermined voltage levels on respective first and second write wordlines connected to the buffer.   the disclosure describes the use of a neural_network_circuit, such as an oscillatory neural_network or cellular neural_network, to serve as a physically unclonable function on an integrated circuit or within an electronic_system. the manufacturing process variations that impact the initial state of the neural_network parameters are used to provide the unique identification for the physically unclonable function. a challenge signal to the neural_network results in a response that is unique to the circuits process variations. the neural_network is designed such that there are random variations among manufactured circuits, but that the specific instance variations are sufficiently deterministic with respect to circuit aging and environmental conditions such as temperature and supply_voltage.   system and method for determining a classifier to discriminate between two classes--object or non-object. the classifier may be used by an object detection program to detect presence of a 3d object in a 2d image. the overall classifier is constructed of a sequence of classifiers, where each such classifier is based on a ratio of two graphical probability models. a discreet-valued variable representation at each node in a bayesian network by a two-stage process of tree-structured vector_quantization is discussed. the overall classifier may be part of an object detector program that is trained to automatically detect different types of 3d objects. computationally efficient statistical_methods to evaluate overall classifiers are disclosed. the bayesian network-based classifier may also be used to determine if two observations belong to the same category.   described herein are devices, systems and methods for lysing algae_cells, for production of a lysate product such as a biofuel. the systems and methods use a passive device that lyses the cells through flow configurations, geometries, and surfaces that would induce different stresses and negative pressure on the microalgae_cells. when the stress is designed to exceed the mechanical strength of the microalgae_cells, the cells are lysed, causing, e.g., lipid release which can be used to produce biofuels. through an internally-created computational framework, the concept is validated and can be optimized for the lowest energy input with the highest level of lipid release. also provided herein are computer-implemented methods for optimizing lysis in such systems and computer-readable media containing instructions for performing the computer-implemented methods.   the present invention relates to .gamma.-pna monomers according to formula i where substituent groups r.sub.1, r.sub.2, r.sub.3, r.sub.4, r.sub.5, r.sub.6, b and p are defined as set forth in the specification. the invention also provides methodology for synthesizing compounds according to formula i and methodology for synthesizing pna oligomers that incorporate one or more formula i monomers.  