
 A method and non-transitory computer-readable medium capture an image of
     bulk grain and apply a feature extractor to the image to determine a
     feature of the bulk grain in the image. For each of a plurality of
     different sampling locations in the image, based upon the feature of the
     bulk grain at the sampling location, a determination is made regarding a
     classification score for the presence of a classification of material at
     the sampling location. A quality of the bulk grain of the image is
     determined based upon an aggregation of the classification scores for the
     presence of the classification of material at the sampling locations.


 Present invention is an adjustable transfer device for unloading
     processed crop onto a container of a transport vehicle including a
     control arrangement with an electronic control unit, among other
     integrated components. Electronic control unit calculates position of
     expected point of incidence of crop flow on the container within field of
     view of optical image capture device, displays image of container
     together with symbol representing calculated expected point of incidence
     of crop flow on container on display, receives adjustment inputs from
     user interface for adjusting position of actuator and thus of adjustable
     transfer device, updates position of symbol in image on display, receives
     confirmation input from user interface once symbol in image on display is
     in appropriate position, derives at least one feature in image
     representing container, and tracks container within output signal of
     image processing system based on retrieved image feature and controls
     actuator accordingly to fill container with crop.


 Techniques and circuits are disclosed for obtaining a physical unclonable
     function (PUF) circuit that is configured to provide, during a first
     operational mode, an output signal that is dependent on an electric
     characteristic of the PUF circuit. Techniques and circuits described
     herein can cause the PUF circuit to enter a second operational mode by
     applying a stress signal to the PUF circuit that changes a value of the
     electric characteristic relative to another value of the electric
     characteristic during the first operational mode of the PUF circuit; and
     adjusting, based on changing the absolute value of the first electric
     characteristic, a bias magnitude of the output signal relative to another
     bias magnitude of the output signal during the first operational mode of
     the PUF circuit.


 A highly articulated robotic probe (HARP) is comprised of a first
     mechanism and a second mechanism, one or both of which can be steered in
     desired directions. Each mechanism can alternate between being rigid and
     limp. In limp mode the mechanism is highly flexible. When one mechanism
     is limp, the other is rigid. The limp mechanism is then pushed or pulled
     along the rigid mechanism. The limp mechanism is made rigid, thereby
     assuming the shape of the rigid mechanism. The rigid mechanism is made
     limp and the process repeats. These innovations allow the device to drive
     anywhere in three dimensions. The device can "remember" its previous
     configurations, and can go anywhere in a body or other structure (e.g.
     jet engine). When used in medical applications, once the device arrives
     at a desired location, the inner core mechanism can be removed and
     another functional device such as a scalpel, clamp or other tool slid
     through the rigid sleeve to perform. Because of the rules governing
     abstracts, this abstract should not be used to construe the claims.


 In one aspect, a method includes providing support material within which
     the structure is fabricated, depositing, into the support material,
     structure material to form the fabricated structure, and removing the
     support material to release the fabricated structure from the support
     material. The provided support material is stationary at an applied
     stress level below a threshold stress level and flows at an applied
     stress level at or above the threshold stress level during fabrication of
     the structure. The provided support material is configured to
     mechanically support at least a portion of the structure and to prevent
     deformation of the structure during the fabrication of the structure. The
     deposited structure material is suspended in the support material at a
     location where the structure material is deposited. The structure
     material comprises a fluid that transitions to a solid or semi-solid
     state after deposition of the structure material.


 An articulate probe device includes a first mechanism, a second
     mechanism, and an overtube mechanism. The first mechanism includes a
     proximal link which is movable coupled to a first intermediate link, a
     plurality of intermediate links, and a distal link which is moveably
     coupled to a second one of the intermediate links. The second mechanism
     includes a proximal link which is movable coupled to a first intermediate
     link, a plurality of intermediate links, and a distal link which is
     moveably coupled to a second one of the intermediate links. The overtube
     mechanism includes a proximal link which is movable coupled to a first
     intermediate link, a plurality of intermediate links, and a proximal link
     which is moveably coupled to a second one of the intermediate links.
     Further, at least one of the first mechanism, second mechanism, and
     overtube mechanism is steerable and extendable beyond the other
     mechanisms.


 The disclosure describes an audio-based emotion recognition system that
     is able to classify emotions in real-time. The emotion recognition
     system, according to some embodiments, adjusts the behavior of
     intelligent systems, such as a virtual coach, depending on the user's
     emotion, thereby providing an improved user experience. Embodiments of
     the emotion recognition system and method use short utterances as
     real-time speech from the user and use prosodic and phonetic features,
     such as fundamental frequency, amplitude, and Mel-Frequency Cepstral
     Coefficients, as the main set of features by which the human speech is
     characterized. In addition, certain embodiments of the present invention
     use One-Against-All or Two-Stage classification systems to determine
     different emotions. A minimum-error feature removal mechanism is further
     provided in alternate embodiments to reduce bandwidth and increase
     accuracy of the emotion recognition system.


 This invention provides an apparatus and method for culturing cells to
     probe the influence that the properties of a surface onto which the cells
     are bonded has on the properties of the cell.


 A method of forming a microneedle array can include forming a microneedle
     array having one or more chemotherapeutic agents. The microneedle array
     can include a base portion and plurality of microneedles extending from
     the base portion, and the one or more chemotherapeutic agents can be
     present in a higher concentration in the plurality of microneedles than
     in the base portion.


 Methods, systems and apparatuses of ultra-miniature, ultra-compliant
     probe arrays that allows for design flexibility to match the stiffness of
     the tissue it is being applied to, such as the brain tissue, in all three
     axes (x, y and z), with interconnect cross section smaller than cell
     dimensions. Stiffness matching requires specific geometric and
     fabrication approaches, commonly leading to ultra-thin probe wires.
     Sizing of the electrodes for specific cell dimensions reduces glial
     formation. Further reduction in stiffness is obtained by incorporating
     different geometric features to the electrode, such as meandering the
     electrode wires. The small thickness and geometric features of the wires
     commonly result in very high compliance. To enable effective insertion of
     the probes to the tissue, the present invention uses stiff biodisolvable
     and/or biodegradable polymers, including single use or combinations of
     carboxymethyl cellulose, polyvinylpyrrolidone, polyvinyl alcohol,
     maltose, other sugar molecules, polylactic acid and its co-polymers.


 A method includes receiving a data bit value at a buffer in a bitcell
     based on a first state of a write bitline connected to the buffer, and
     transferring the data bit value from the buffer to a first magnetic
     switching cell in the bitcell for a later read operation at least by
     holding the write bitline to a reference value different from the first
     state, and asserting first and second predetermined voltage levels on
     respective first and second write wordlines connected to the buffer.


 The disclosure describes the use of a neural network circuit, such as an
     oscillatory neural network or cellular neural network, to serve as a
     physically unclonable function on an integrated circuit or within an
     electronic system. The manufacturing process variations that impact the
     initial state of the neural network parameters are used to provide the
     unique identification for the physically unclonable function. A challenge
     signal to the neural network results in a response that is unique to the
     circuits process variations. The neural network is designed such that
     there are random variations among manufactured circuits, but that the
     specific instance variations are sufficiently deterministic with respect
     to circuit aging and environmental conditions such as temperature and
     supply voltage.


 System and method for determining a classifier to discriminate between
     two classes--object or non-object. The classifier may be used by an
     object detection program to detect presence of a 3D object in a 2D image.
     The overall classifier is constructed of a sequence of classifiers, where
     each such classifier is based on a ratio of two graphical probability
     models. A discreet-valued variable representation at each node in a
     Bayesian network by a two-stage process of tree-structured vector
     quantization is discussed. The overall classifier may be part of an
     object detector program that is trained to automatically detect different
     types of 3D objects. Computationally efficient statistical methods to
     evaluate overall classifiers are disclosed. The Bayesian network-based
     classifier may also be used to determine if two observations belong to
     the same category.


 Described herein are devices, systems and methods for lysing algae cells,
     for production of a lysate product such as a biofuel. The systems and
     methods use a passive device that lyses the cells through flow
     configurations, geometries, and surfaces that would induce different
     stresses and negative pressure on the microalgae cells. When the stress
     is designed to exceed the mechanical strength of the microalgae cells,
     the cells are lysed, causing, e.g., lipid release which can be used to
     produce biofuels. Through an internally-created computational framework,
     the concept is validated and can be optimized for the lowest energy input
     with the highest level of lipid release. Also provided herein are
     computer-implemented methods for optimizing lysis in such systems and
     computer-readable media containing instructions for performing the
     computer-implemented methods.


 The present invention relates to .gamma.-PNA monomers according to
     Formula I where substituent groups R.sub.1, R.sub.2, R.sub.3, R.sub.4,
     R.sub.5, R.sub.6, B and P are defined as set forth in the specification.
     The invention also provides methodology for synthesizing compounds
     according to Formula I and methodology for synthesizing PNA oligomers
     that incorporate one or more Formula I monomers.

